Update changelog and bump (#5341)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver: Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 1.11.5

### New feature

> * Add payouts report (#5320) @Kukks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reporting: Add payouts (#5320) @Kukks
```

* Wallet: Delete custom labels (#5324, #5237) @dennisreimann
* Dashboard: Show revenue data for keypad (#5317) @dennisreimann
* Dashboard: Show the number of paid invoices in the last 7 days (#5316, #5300) @dennisreimann
* Login: Add Remember Me button (#5307, #5302) @dennisreimann
* Archive stores and apps (#5296) @dennisreimann
* New permission: Can archive pull payment (#5274) @Kukks

> * Add Show QR (LNURL-Withdraw) code in view pull payment view (#5274) @Kukks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pull Payment: Show QR code for LNURL-Withdraw (#5274) @Kukks
```

### Bug fixes

* Fix: Transient error 500 when accessing the wallet page (#5326, #5328) @NicolasDorier
* Fix: Revert to default block explorer button wasn't working (#5340) @NicolasDorier

> * Fix: Payment request doesn't have a concept of processing status, goes immediately to settled for on-chain payments (#5309, #5297) @dennisreimann

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Payment Request: Reflect processing status for on-chain payments (#5309, #5297) @dennisreimann
```

* NFC: Fix error display (#5305) @dennisreimann

### Improvements

* Email Rules: Add default texts and document placeholders (#5314) @dennisreimann
* UI: The on-chain addresses should only be truncated on the middle (#5313, #5311) @dennisreimann

> * Allow configuring nfc permission beforehand (#5319) @Kukks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Store settings: Allow configuring NFC permission beforehand (#5319) @Kukks
```

> * Remove legacy confusing export (#5293) @NicolasDorier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove legacy export (#5293) @NicolasDorier
```
